📝 Rework data, code and service export page (#2730)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/tutorials/exporting.md

1. In the [Console](https://console.platform.sh/), open your project and click **Code {{< icon chevron >}}**.
2. Click **Git**.
3. To copy the command, click **{{< icon copy >}} Copy**.

> 4. The command is similar to the following:

Reviewer: :clipboard: This isn't an action, just a continuation
```suggestion
   The command is similar to the following:
```

- [MongoDB](../add-services/mongodb.md#exporting-data)
- [InfluxDB](../add-services/influxdb.md#exporting-data)

## 4. Get environment variables

Environment variables can contain critical information such as tokens or additional configuration options for your app.

Environment variables can have different prefixes:

> - `env:` are exposed [as Unix environment variables](../development/variables/_index.md#top-level-environment-variables).
> - `php:` are interpreted [as `php.ini` directives](../development/variables/_index.md#php-specific-variables).

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
- Variables beginning with `env:` are exposed [as Unix environment variables](../development/variables/_index.md#top-level-environment-variables).
- Variables beginning with `php:` are interpreted [as `php.ini` directives](../development/variables/_index.md#php-specific-variables).
```

1. In the [Console](https://console.platform.sh/), open your project and click **{{< icon settings >}}**.
2. Click **Project Settings {{< icon chevron >}}**.
3. Click **Variables** and access your variable's values and settings.
4. Store the data somewhere secure on your computer.

> Note that in the Console, you can't access the value of variables that have [marked as sensitive](../development/variables/set-variables.md#variable-options).

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion
Note that in the Console, you can't access the value of variables that have been [marked as sensitive](../development/variables/set-variables.md#variable-options).
```

Use the CLI to retrieve these values.

{{< /codetabs >}}

## What's next

> - Migrate data from elsewhere [into Platform.sh](./migrating.md).

Reviewer: If you want to add the local thing, it's fine. Just add context to the start as otherwise it doesn't seem to fit. `To do X, set up your local environment`

> - Migrate data from elsewhere [into Platform.sh](./migrating.md).

Reviewer: If you want to add the local thing, it's fine. Just add context to the start as otherwise it doesn't seem to fit. To do X, set up your local environment

> - Set up your [local development environment](../development/local/_index.md).

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: As mentioned in the previous issue, I'm not sure what this has to do with the current guide. And this one was mentioned in the issue
```suggestion
- Migrate data from elsewhere [into Platform.sh](./migrating.md).
```

- Migrate data from elsewhere [into Platform.sh](./migrating.md).
- Migrate to [another region](../projects/region-migration.md).

> - To use your production data with your development environment, download your data locally and set up your [local development environment](../development/local/_index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use data from an environment locally, export your data and set up your [local development environment](../development/local/_index.md).
```
